we all climb multi pot with a perforated
steel insert is a kitchen workhorse it's
perfect for cooking anything from
vegetables like potatoes and corn to
pasta to even shellfish today I've got
some corn on the cob and let me show you
how quickly it will drain through the
perforations now I'm just going to pick
up the insert and you can see how
quickly it drains literally in seconds
look at that the multi pod comes in an 8
quart and a 12 quart capacity this is
the 8 quart right now the 12 quart also
includes a steamer basket but you can
see even as 8 quart handled 6 years of
corn with no problem
my boil potatoes are just about finished
and you'll notice that I'm using the
multi pot on a gas stove right now but
it works perfectly on electric glass
ceramic or even an induction burner and
I think these are just about ready they
look great and again notice how quickly
this insert drains my potatoes look
fantastic I'm just going to turn them
onto this platter this is so great if
you're making a large batch mashed
potatoes great next I'll show you how to
use the multi pot to cook some pasta
what's great about cooking pasta in the
multi pot is that it's all in one you
don't have to carry a pot of boiling
water over to the sink and use a
colander it's all right here and drained
so quickly my penne is finished and
again check out how quickly this pasta
will drain
a couple shakes just to get out all the
water and look at this steaming hot
pasta cleaning perforated steel is so
simple you can just take a dish brush to
it with a little soap or the whole multi
pot could go straight to the dishwasher